feat(feedback): Iterate on feedback theme config (#9961)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/user-feedback/configuration/index.mdx

## User Feedback Widget

The User Feedback Widget offers many customization options, and if the available options are insufficient, you can [use your own UI](#bring-your-own-widget).

The following config options apply to version 8.0.0 of the JavaScript SDK. If you are using any version 7 of the SDK refer to [configuration options](/platforms/javascript/user-feedback/configuration/v7/) for that version of the SDK.

### General

The following options can be configured for the integration in `feedbackIntegration({})`:

| Key            | Type                                       | Default           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `autoInject`   | `boolean`                                  | `true`            | Injects the Feedback widget into the application when the integration is added. Set `autoInject: false` if you want to call `feedback.attachTo()` or `feedback.createWidget()` directly, or only want to show the widget on certain views. |

Reviewer: In the example below you use `createForm`, not sure which is correct

Author: createWidget returns the Actor, so i think that's correct here. 

The example below should've used createForm, which is async and just does the form. I also added a quick example near the top under the heading `Auto-Inject vs. Manual Injection` which uses createWidget

So the examples down the page are:
`createWidget` which is at the top, near the notes about `autoInject`

Under byo-button we've got `createForm`

under byo-w we've got `sendFeedback` itself.

## User Feedback Widget

The User Feedback Widget offers many customization options, and if the available options are insufficient, you can [use your own UI](#bring-your-own-widget).

> The following config options apply to version 8.0.0 of the JavaScript SDK. The Feedback Widget in version 7 of the SDK was a beta release and is now deprecated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following configuration options apply to version 8.0.0 of the JavaScript SDK. The Feedback Widget in version 7 of the SDK was a beta release and is now deprecated.
```

> The following config options apply to version 8.0.0 of the JavaScript SDK. The Feedback Widget in version 7 of the SDK was a beta release and is now deprecated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following configuration options apply to version 8.0.0 and above of the JavaScript SDK. The Feedback Widget in version 7 of the SDK was a beta release and is now deprecated.
```

### User and Form

| Key                | Type                     | Default                               | Description                                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------ | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `showName`         | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the name field on the Feedback form.                                                                                                                     |
| `showEmail`        | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the email field on the Feedback form.                                                                                                                    |

> | `enableScreenshot` | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Allows the user to send a screenshot attachment with their feedback. Requires SDK version 8.0.0-rc.2 and above. For self-hosted, release 24.4.2 is also required. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `enableScreenshot` | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Allows the user to send a screenshot attachment with their feedback. Requires SDK version 8.0.0 and above. For self-hosted, release 24.4.2 is also required. |
```
```suggestion
| `enableScreenshot` | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Allows the user to send a screenshot attachment with their feedback. Requires SDK version 8.0.0-rc.2 and above. For self-hosted, release 24.4.2 is also required. |
```

The following options can be configured for the integration in `feedbackIntegration({})`:

> | key            | type                                       | default           | description                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Key            | Type                                       | Default           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| -------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `autoInject`   | `boolean`                                  | `true`            | Injects the Feedback widget into the application when the integration is added. Set `autoInject: false` if you want to call `feedback.attachTo()` or `feedback.openDialog()` directly, or only want to show the widget on certain views. |

> | `showBranding` | `boolean`                                  | `true`            | Displays the Sentry logo inside of the form                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `showBranding` | `boolean`                                  | `true`            | Displays the Sentry logo inside of the form.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `colorScheme`  | <code>"system" \| "light" \| "dark"</code> | `"system"`        | The color theme to use. `"system"` will follow your OS color scheme.                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `id`           | `string`                                   | `sentry-feedback` | The `id` attribute of the `<div>` that contains the feedback widget. See [Theme Customization](#theme-customization) for more.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 3: The theme customization doesn't take me anywhere? I think you mean css customization
```suggestion
| `id`           | `string`                                   | `sentry-feedback` | The `id` attribute of the `<div>` that contains the feedback widget. See [CSS Customization](#css-customization) for more.                                                                                                           |
```

### User and Form

The following options can be configured for the integration in `feedbackIntegration({})`:

> | key               | type                     | default                               | description                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Key               | Type                     | Default                               | Description                                                                                                                    |
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `showName`        | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the name field on the Feedback form, however will still capture the name (if available) from Sentry SDK context.      |

> | `showEmail`       | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the email field on the Feedback form, however will still capture the email (if available) from Sentry SDK context.    |

Reviewer 3: "However will still capture the name/email" is confusing to me. Does this mean the name/email is captured regardless of whether this option is true or false? Or does it mean that even if the name field is shown, the name is still retrieved from SDK context (in this case, is it stored separately?)? Can you clarify what the behavior is?

Author: I'm making the change where the table will only say: "Displays the name field on the Feedback form."

and below there'll be two paragraphs, with the `setUser()` example below:
>#### User Context
>
> If you have set a user context by calling [Sentry.setUser](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/identify-user/) then those values will be used as defaults for the name and email fields. If those fields are hidden from the user, then the default values will still be sent along with the feedback message.
>
> Below is an example configuration with non-default user fields.

It'll be up here in a sec, but also lmk if that's working better!

| `isNameRequired`  | `boolean`                | `false`                               | Requires the name field on the Feedback form to be filled in.                                                                  |
| `isEmailRequired` | `boolean`                | `false`                               | Requires the email field on the Feedback form to be filled in.                                                                 |

> | `useSentryUser`   | `Record<string, string>` | `{ email: 'email', name: 'username'}` | Map of the `email` and `name` fields to the corresponding Sentry SDK user fields that were called with `Sentry.setUser`.       |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `useSentryUser`   | `Record<string, string>` | `{ email: 'email', name: 'username'}` | Sets the `email` and `name` fields to the corresponding Sentry SDK user fields that were called with `Sentry.setUser`.       |
```
Is this more accurate? If the user inputs a different name or email in the form, will the SentryUser fields override it?

Most text that you see in the default Feedback widget can be customized.

The following options can be configured for the integration in `feedbackIntegration({})`:

> | key                           | default                                | description                                                        |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Key                           | Default                                | Description                                                        |
```

| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `triggerLabel`                | `Report a Bug`                         | The label of the injected button.                                  |

Reviewer: Maybe include description of its behavior when clicked

```suggestion
| `triggerLabel`                | `Report a Bug`                         | The label of the injected button that opens up the feedback form when clicked.                                  |
```

| `submitButtonLabel`           | `Send Bug Report`                      | The label of the submit button used in the feedback form.          |
| `cancelButtonLabel`           | `Cancel`                               | The label of the cancel button used in the feedback form.          |
| `formTitle`                   | `Report a Bug`                         | The title at the top of the feedback form.                         |
| `nameLabel`                   | `Name`                                 | The label of the name input field.                                 |
| `namePlaceholder`             | `Your Name`                            | The placeholder for the name input field.                          |
| `emailLabel`                  | `Email`                                | The label of the email input field.                                |
| `emailPlaceholder`            | `your.email@example.org`               | The placeholder for the email input field.                         |

> | `isRequiredLabel`             | `(required)`                           | Label when an text field is required to be filled out.             |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `isRequiredLabel`             | `(required)`                           | The label shown next to an input field that is required.           |
```

| `messageLabel`                | `Description`                          | The label for the feedback description input field.                |
| `messagePlaceholder`          | `What's the bug? What did you expect?` | The placeholder for the feedback description input field.          |

> | `successMessageText`          | `Thank you for your report!`           | The message to be displayed after a succesful feedback submission. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `successMessageText`          | `Thank you for your report!`           | The message to be displayed after a successful feedback submission. |
```

> | `successMessageText`          | `Thank you for your report!`           | The message to be displayed after a successful feedback submission. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `successMessageText`          | `Thank you for your report!`           | The message displayed after a successful feedback submission. |
```

| `addScreenshotButtonLabel`    | `Add a screenshot`                     | TODO
| `removeScreenshotButtonLabel` | `Remove screenshot`                    | TODO

> | `confirmButtonLabel`          | `Confirm`                              | TODO

Reviewer: Should these be ordered some how?

Author: order is fixed!

| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `triggerLabel`                | `Report a Bug`                         | The label of the injected button that opens up the feedback form when clicked. |
| `formTitle`                   | `Report a Bug`                         | The title at the top of the feedback form.                                     |
| `submitButtonLabel`           | `Send Bug Report`                      | The label of the submit button used in the feedback form.                      |
| `cancelButtonLabel`           | `Cancel`                               | The label of the cancel button used in the feedback form.                      |
| `confirmButtonLabel`          | `Confirm`                              | The label of the confirm button used in the feedback form.                     |
| `addScreenshotButtonLabel`    | `Add a screenshot`                     | The label of the button to add a screenshot to the form.                       |

> | `removeScreenshotButtonLabel` | `Remove screenshot`                    | The label of the button which removes the screenshot from the form.            |

Reviewer 2: For consistency with above
```suggestion
| `removeScreenshotButtonLabel` | `Remove screenshot`                    | The label of the button to remove the screenshot from the form.            |
```

});
```

### CSS Customization

> You can customize placement of the feedback components on your page, as well as the fonts and theme colors in light and dark mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can customize placement of the feedback components on your page, as well as the fonts and theme colors for light and dark mode.
```

> In all cases you can set CSS variables to override any value. By default the container `<div>` will have the attribute `id="sentry-feedback`, meaning you can use the `#sentry-feedback` selector to define CSS variables to override defaults.

Reviewer 2: not exactly sure what it's supposed to be but there's an extra "
```suggestion
In all cases you can set CSS variables to override any value. By default the container `<div>` will have the attribute `id="sentry-feedback"`, meaning you can use the `#sentry-feedback` selector to define CSS variables to override defaults.
```

> In all cases you can set CSS variables to override any value. By default the container `<div>` will have the attribute `id="sentry-feedback"`, meaning you can use the `#sentry-feedback` selector to define CSS variables to override defaults.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In all cases, you can set CSS variables to override any value. By default, the `<div>` container has the attribute `id="sentry-feedback"`, so you can use the `#sentry-feedback` selector to define CSS variables to override defaults.
```

> Here is an example of customizing the background color for the light and dark themes by overriding CSS variables:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The example below shows how to customize the background color for the light and dark themes by overriding CSS variables:
```

```css
#sentry-feedback {
  --trigger-background: #cccccc;
}
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
  #sentry-feedback {
    --trigger-background: #222222;
  }
}
```

> Or the same example above, by setting theme values in JavaScript:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also do the same thing by setting theme values in JavaScript:
```

```javascript
feedbackIntegration({
  themeLight: {
    background: "#cccccc",
  },
  themeDark: {
    background: "#222222",
  },
});
```

The following values are only available as CSS variables, and apply to both dark and light themes.

> | Variable        | Default                                            | Description                                                                       |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| CSS Variable        | Default                                            | Description                                                                       |
```

| --------------- | ---------------------------------------            | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--font-family` | `"system-ui, 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif"` | Default font-family to use                                                        |
| `--font-size`   | `14px`                                             | Font size                                                                         |
| `--z-index`     | `100000`                                           | The z-index of the widget                                                         |
| `--inset`       | `auto 0 0 auto`                                    | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |

> | `--page-margin` | `16px`                                             | How far from the edge of the screen should the widget be positioned.              |

Reviewer: Is this table more important than the one below it?

Author: it's different, it's this table doesn't have the JS config field column.

> | `--font-family` | `"system-ui, 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif"` | Default font-family to use                                                        |
> | `--font-size`   | `14px`                                             | Font size                                                                         |
> | `--z-index`     | `100000`                                           | The z-index of the widget                                                         |
> | `--inset`       | `auto 0 0 auto`                                    | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
> | `--page-margin` | `16px`                                             | How far from the edge of the screen should the widget be positioned.              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `--font-family` | `"system-ui, 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif"` | The default font-family to use.                                                        |
| `--font-size`   | `14px`                                             | The font size.                                                                         |
| `--z-index`     | `100000`                                           | The z-index of the widget.                                                         |
| `--inset`       | `auto 0 0 auto`                                    | By default, the widget has a fixed position in the bottom right corner. |
| `--page-margin` | `16px`                                             | The margin from the edge of the screen that the widget should be positioned.             |
```

Colors can be customized by passing `themeLight` and/or `themeDark` to `feedbackIntegration({})`, or by defining CSS variables that override the default values.

> | key                       | css variable                   | light                                     | dark                                      | description                                                                                           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Key                       | CSS Variable                   | Light                                     | Dark                                      | Description                                                                                           |
```

> | ------------------------- | ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer 3: Can you make sure to add periods to the end of each description for consistency?

> | `foreground`              | `--foreground`                 | `#2b2233`                                 | `#ebe6ef`                                 | Foreground color, e.g. text color                                                                     |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `foreground`              | `--foreground`                 | `#2b2233`                                 | `#ebe6ef`                                 | Foreground (text) color.                                                                   |
```

> | `successForeground`       | `--success-foreground`         | `#268d75`                                 | `#2da98c`                                 | Color used for success-related components (e.g. text color when feedback is submitted successfully)   |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `successForeground`       | `--success-foreground`         | `#268d75`                                 | `#2da98c`                                 | Color used for success-related components (such as text color when feedback is submitted successfully).   |
```
We try to avoid latin abbreviations in docs

> | `errorForeground`         | `--error-foreground`           | `#df3338`                                 | `#f55459`                                 | Color used for error related components (e.g. text color when there was an error submitting feedback) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `errorForeground`         | `--error-foreground`           | `#df3338`                                 | `#f55459`                                 | Color used for error related components (such as text color when there's an error submitting feedback). |
```

| `background`              | `--background`                 | `#ffffff`                                 | `#29232f`                                 | Background color of the widget (injected button and form)                                             |

> | `border`                  | `--border`                     | `1.5px solid rgba(41, 35, 47, 0.13)`      | `1.5px solid rgba(235, 230, 239, 0.15)`   | The border style used for the widget (injected button and form)                                       |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `border`                  | `--border`                     | `1.5px solid rgba(41, 35, 47, 0.13)`      | `1.5px solid rgba(235, 230, 239, 0.15)`   | Border style used for the widget (injected button and form).                                       |
```

> | `boxShadow`               | `--box-shadow`                 | `0px 4px 24px 0px rgba(43, 34, 51, 0.12)` | `0px 4px 24px 0px rgba(43, 34, 51, 0.12)` | The box shadow style used for the widget (injected button and form)                                   |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `boxShadow`               | `--box-shadow`                 | `0px 4px 24px 0px rgba(43, 34, 51, 0.12)` | `0px 4px 24px 0px rgba(43, 34, 51, 0.12)` | Box shadow style used for the widget (injected button and form).                                   |
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
I think this extra empty line is messing up the table in the preview

| `inputForeground`         | `--input-foreground`           | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Foreground color for form inputs                                                                      |
| `inputBackground`         | `--input-background`           | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Background color for form inputs                                                                      |
| `inputBackgroundFocus`    | `--input-background-focus`     | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Background color for form inputs when focused                                                         |
| `inputBorder`             | `--input-border`               | `var(--border)`                           | `var(--border)`                           | Border styles for form inputs                                                                         |

> | `inputBorderRadius`       | `--input-border-radius`        | `6px`                                     | `6px`                                     | Border radius style for form content (for example: inputs, buttons)                                   |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `inputBorderRadius`       | `--input-border-radius`        | `6px`                                     | `6px`                                     | Border radius style for form content (such as inputs and buttons)                                   |
```

| `inputOutlineFocus`       | `--input-outline-focus`        | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Outline color for form inputs when focused                                                            |

> | `buttonBackground`        | `--button-background`          | `var(--background)`                       | `var(--background)`                       | Background color for the cancel button                                                                |

Reviewer: No longer just the cancel button w/ the addition of screenshot related buttons right?

Author: ah, missed a spot.

| `buttonBackgroundHover`   | `--button-background-hover`    | `#f6f6f7`                                 | `#352f3b`                                 | Background color when hovering over the cancel button                                                 |
| `buttonBorder`            | `--button-border`              | `var(--border)`                           | `var(--border)`                           | Border style for the cancel button                                                                    |
| `buttonBorderRadius`      | `--button-border-radius`       | `var(--input-border-radius)`              | `var(--input-border-radius)`              | Border radius style for form buttons                                                                  |

> | `buttonOutlineFocus`      | `--button-outline-focus`       | `var(--input-outline-focus)`              | `var(--input-outline-focus)`              | Outline color for the cancel button, in the focused state                                             |

Reviewer 2: and screenshot button too!

Author: changing to `The label of cancel buttons used in the feedback form.`

| `buttonForegroundHover`   | `--button-foreground-hover`    | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Foreground color for the cancel button when hovering                                                  |

| `submitBackground`        | `--submit-background`          | `rgba(88, 74, 192, 1)`                    | `rgba(88, 74, 192, 1)`                    | Background color for the submit button                                                                |
| `submitBackgroundHover`   | `--submit-background-hover`    | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Background color when hovering over the submit button                                                 |
| `submitBorder`            | `--submit-border`              | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Border style for the submit button                                                                    |

> | `submitBorderRadius`      | `--submit-border-radius`       | `var(--button-border-radius)`             | `var(--button-border-radius)`             | Border radius style for submit buttons                                                                |

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should allow configuration of the submit border radius specifically. I think this should only be configured with the other button border radiuses

Author: that's fair

Author: it defaults to `var(--button-border-radius)` right now, we'll get it fixed up though.

Author: removed references in the docs to all the border-radius overrides. 👍

| `triggerBackgroundHover`  | `--trigger-background-hover`   | `var(--button-background-hover)`          | `var(--button-background-hover)`          | Background color of the injected button when in a hover state                                         |
| `triggerBorderRadius`     | `--trigger-border-radius`      | `12px` TODO                               | `12px` TODO                               | Border radius style used for the widget (injected button and success message)                         |

| `dialogBackground`        | `--dialog-background`          | `var(--background)`                       | `var(--background)`                       | Background color of the widget (injected button and form)                                             |
| `dialogBorderRadius`      | `--dialog-border-radius`       | `20px`                                    | `20px`                                    | Border radius style for the form                                                                      |

> It's possible to set the `id` configuration value to something

Reviewer 3: Did you mean to add more to this sentence?

Author: derp. fixed up this area.

```css
#sentry-feedback {
  --background: #cccccc;
#feedback-theme {
  --trigger-background: #cccccc;
}
```

### Additional UI Customization

Similar to theme customization above, these are additional CSS variables that can be overridden. These aren't supported in the constructor.

| Variable        | Default                                 | Description                                                                       |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--bottom`      | `1rem`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--right`       | `1rem`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--top`         | `auto`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--left`        | `auto`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |

> | `--z-index`     | `100000`                                | The z-index of the widget                                                         |

Reviewer: Are these completely remove now?

Author: top/bottom/left/right are all gone yeah. replaced with `inset`

Author: `--z-index` remains!

| `--error-color`       | `errorColor`       | `#df3338`                                 | `#f55459`                                 | Color used for error related components (such as text color when there's an error submitting feedback). |
| `--box-shadow`        | `boxShadow`        | `0px 4px 24px 0px rgba(43, 34, 51, 0.12)` | `0px 4px 24px 0px rgba(43, 34, 51, 0.12)` | Box shadow style used for the widget (injected button and form).                                        |
| `--outline`           | `outline`          | `1px auto var(--accent-background)`       | `1px auto var(--accent-background)`       | Outline for form inputs when focused.                                                             |

#### Theme priority

CSS variables take priority over configuration values in `feedbackIntegration()`. In this example, the configuration makes it seem like the text could be either `white` or `black`, but because there is a CSS variable set, the text will always be `red`.

```html
<script>
feedbackIntegration({
  themeLight: {
    foreground: 'black',
  },
  themeDark: {
    foreground: 'white',
  }
});
</script>

<style>
#sentry-feedback {

>   --forground: 'red'; /* overrides both `white` and `black` colors */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --foreground: 'red'; /* overrides both `white` and `black` colors */
```

| `--input-background`           | `inputBackground`         | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Background color for form inputs.                                                                       |
| `--input-background-focus`     | `inputBackgroundFocus`    | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Background color for form inputs when focused.                                                          |
| `--input-border`               | `inputBorder`             | `var(--border)`                           | `var(--border)`                           | Border styles for form inputs.                                                                          |
| `--input-border-radius`        | `inputBorderRadius`       | `6px`                                     | `6px`                                     | Border radius style for form content (such as inputs and buttons).                                      |

> | `--input-outline-focus`        | `inputOutlineFocus`       | `1px auto rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`          | `1px auto rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`          | Outline color for form inputs when focused.                                                             |

Reviewer 2: Since it's not just the color anymore
```suggestion
| `--input-outline-focus`        | `inputOutlineFocus`       | `1px auto rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`          | `1px auto rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`          | Outline for form inputs when focused.                                                             |
```

| `--button-background`          | `buttonBackground`        | `var(--background)`                       | `var(--background)`                       | Background color for buttons.                                                                           |
| `--button-background-hover`    | `buttonBackgroundHover`   | `#f6f6f7`                                 | `#352f3b`                                 | Background color when hovering over buttons.                                                            |
| `--button-border`              | `buttonBorder`            | `var(--border)`                           | `var(--border)`                           | Border style for buttons.                                                                               |

> | `--button-outline-focus`       | `buttonOutlineFocus`      | `var(--input-outline-focus)`              | `var(--input-outline-focus)`              | Outline color for buttons, in the focused state.                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--button-outline-focus`       | `buttonOutlineFocus`      | `var(--input-outline-focus)`              | `var(--input-outline-focus)`              | Outline for buttons, in the focused state.                                                        |
```

| `--button-foreground-hover`    | `buttonForegroundHover`   | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Foreground color for buttons when hovering.                                                             |
| `--submit-background`          | `submitBackground`        | `rgba(88, 74, 192, 1)`                    | `rgba(88, 74, 192, 1)`                    | Background color for the submit button.                                                                 |
| `--submit-background-hover`    | `submitBackgroundHover`   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Background color when hovering over the submit button.                                                  |
| `--submit-border`              | `submitBorder`            | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Border style for the submit button.                                                                     |

> | `--submit-outline-focus`       | `submitOutlineFocus`      | `1px auto #29232f`                        | `1px auto rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`          | Outline color for the submit button, in the focused state.                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--submit-outline-focus`       | `submitOutlineFocus`      | `1px auto #29232f`                        | `1px auto rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`          | Outline for the submit button, in the focused state.                                              |
```

| `--dialog-border-radius`       | `dialogBorderRadius`      | `20px`                                    | `20px`                                    | Border radius style for the form.                                                                       |

#### Theme priority

CSS variables take priority over configuration values in `feedbackIntegration()`. In this example, the configuration makes it seem like the text could be either `white` or `black`, but because there is a CSS variable set, the text will always be `red`.

```html
<script>
feedbackIntegration({
  themeLight: {
    color: 'black',
  },
  themeDark: {
    color: 'white',
  }
});
</script>

<style>
#sentry-feedback {
  --forground: 'red'; /* overrides both `white` and `black` colors */
}
</style>
```

#### Custom ID selector

It’s possible to set the `id` configuration value to something other than the default `sentry-feedback` and use that as a selector when overriding CSS variables.

```html
<script>
feedbackIntegration({
  id: 'feedback-theme' // The default is 'sentry-feedback'
});
</script>

<style>
#feedback-theme { /* Target the custom id */

>   --forground: 'red';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --foreground: 'red';
```

});
```

> Alternatively, you can call `feedback.createWidget()` and have full control over when the form gets loaded, added to the dom, and finally shown to the user. Here is an example using JSX to define a button:

Reviewer: In the example below, you use `createForm`

});
```

> Alternatively, you can call `feedback.createWidget()` and have full control over when the form gets loaded, added to the dom, and finally shown to the user. Here is an exampl using JSX to define a button:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can call `feedback.createWidget()` and have full control over when the form gets loaded, added to the dom, and finally shown to the user. Here is an example using JSX to define a button:
```
